hi guys what's up and welcome back to
the small ethics panel so today I
thought I would do something a little
bit different
I am so today I'm doing something a
little bit different I'm doing a get
ready with me while also chatting about
body positivity I want to talk about
body positivity if small ethics fits in
the body positivity movement what I
think about it and it's just but
something that's been on my mind lately
and I have to get ready for a meeting I
have with one of the small ethics team
members so I might as well get ready
with this ready for this with you guys
and chat about positivity body
positivity before I get into why I'm
talking about that I actually already I
have no makeup on now a little mirror
here all I have on is I put on toner and
moisturizer and some vitamin C serum and
I keep trumping everything today I don't
know why so I'm gonna clip my hair back
as one does in a YouTube beauty video
which this is not that because I am NOT
a beauty guru not my thing if you guys
have watched my videos before you know
that really I like don't I wear that
much makeup I just do kind of like a
clean a clean look nothing special
nothing fancy I'm gonna put a little bit
of SPF this is from drunk elephant SPF
30 on I love this stuff it's amazing and
I usually mix this a little bit of
facial oil this is naturopathic cos
neroli clarifying facial oil this stuff
smells so good it literally smells like
Christmas I also have gotten really into
skincare this year just because earlier
this year I still had a hormonal acne
that I was battling and you can see some
scars here but it's like go on now I
found out that I started getting facials
and they look at your skin under you
know microscopes and UV lights and
everything and they told me my skin
wasn't dry but it was dehydrated so like
deep in the layers it was dehydrated and
so I had to start
saying better you know oils and
hyaluronic acid and stuff like that to
lock in the moisture basically the
reason why I want to chat about body
positivity I just heard some notes is
because not sure if any of you guys
follow Cassio I followed her as a young
girl she's the founder of Blogilates she
does Pilates videos and whatnot and I
don't do Pilates anymore but because I
followed her since I was a young girl I
just still interested in her message and
she recently decided that she was going
to probably be putting my makeup on
right because this is a get ready with
me I'm using CC cream by it cosmetics
and I'm gonna mix this I just dab a
little bit on his cheek probably like
shouldn't follow any of my instructions
here because I don't know what I'm doing
at all sunshine drops from drunk
elephant again and this looks really
dark when I put it on my skin but it all
blends in really beautifully and this
just kind of gives you a nice dewy shine
like a little sunkissed look and it's
not too aggressive so Cassie recently
she decided that she was gonna do a 90
day challenge where she wanted was gonna
try to get in the best shape of her life
physically and mentally and for her that
meant losing weight and basically you
know she didn't want to track calories
but she ended up tracking calories and
it's bird quite a reaction from her fans
and you can see I just put this on with
my fingers cuz I'm kind of just like
that I'm just I like to make it easy
whatever beauty blended in and I just
thought it's interesting that people
were so triggered by her wanting to lose
weight you know I Riedel I read all the
comments I was very interested in why
and I guess because she has a following
that is very much comes from a body
positivity movement themselves they say
were triggered by her use of numbers and
her using numbers and and kind of
getting back to her old days where she
was she was tracking and unhappy and
I think it was just not like Cassie
to her audience and so they were like
couple at what path is she going down
right what sure is the conversation of
or it begs the question can you want to
change our body and also be finding
positive and this doesn't have anything
on anymore but the suit glossier is Boyd
Rao and what I do for my brows is I put
this on first and I let it dry and then
I pencil them in to the shape I want
I like oh really but she probably
natural so I'm gonna put two coats of
this on and then let it dry and I didn't
even realize this is like going so slow
because I'm talking so much I'm also
gonna take it Cosmetics under I've this
is just under eye cream I have it in a
shade that's like a little bit lighter
than my skin tone and I'm gonna take
another Beauty Blender wait for this to
kind of like warm up on my skin and then
I'm gonna put this I do like the
triangle thing you know that all the
beauty gurus tell you to do or you drag
it down and then I'm gonna blend it in I
know that people have different opinions
on this question whether or not you can
be body-positive and also want to change
your body and I wanted to talk a little
bit about how I see things in the small
attics community because obviously I'm a
coach and I very much specialize in
physical and mental transformations for
petite women so I and I also consider
small attics a part of the body
positivity movement which I'll talk
about later so I really do believe that
you can want to change your body while
also still loving your body and
embracing it and feeling strong and
powerful in it no one is ever going to
be a hundred percent in love with their
body every day every waking minute
that's just not realistic right but
being able to wake up and engage in a
conversation about what does make you
feel happy what does make you feel
strong and working towards that to me
that's body-positive
because you're giving yourself a chance
to feel those things and like I said
it's not realistic to always be you know
hunky-dory like literally never use
those whereas before except on this
usually it's not realistic in no way do
I think that wanting to change yourself
removes you from loving your body my
body's gone through me
I've been an international competitive
fencer I've been you know I've done
really heavy strength phases where I'm
lifting really heavy and put out a lot
of muscle I've done diets and in my way
past life right cuts and got into a
really low body fat percentage and you
know a 15 or lower and throughout that
whole process I still maintained a a
like curiosity and fascination and
passion and love for my body and
strength and what it can do and for that
reason I think you can have respect for
your body no matter if you are
overweight underweight you know no
matter what you're given genetically no
matter what you're fighting for you can
have respect for yourself you know it's
about your own relationship with your
body and no one should be able to tell
you if your body positive or not based
on your own relationship with your body
so that's my thoughts on that I'm
learning that I can't do makeup and talk
to you at the same time so this is a
compute really really effective they
don't have to speed up some of this
video what am I even doing now this is
milk cosmetics blush I'm just gonna do
like a little bit on my cheeks it's
funny because I don't don't like makeup
that you have to use lots of brushes for
I'm really like a DAB and go girl like
I'm not trying to be fancy I forgot I'm
gonna cover up some of my little acne
scars too unless you can see like this
CC cream still shows things like it
shows like freckles and sort of scars
it's not like full coverage which I like
I like that it still looks kind of
natural that's kind of my thing
next if I want to do eyeshadow which I
think I do right now because why not I
do put on a little bit of Too Faced
24-hour insurance it's just a primer on
for eyeshadow they put it right on my
eyelid and then on the other side and
then what I've really been digging
lately for color is this palette I just
dropped this earlier and I shattered one
of the colors that was not good it's
called love trust and fairy dust
I try to palette and it's by and deface
the things by Tarte oh my gosh so I like
to take the lightest one and the palette
and tap it off and just go across my
whole eyelid and just cover it in like a
base neutral I'm very much into neutrals
I don't really ever wear brights I think
partly because that's just not my
personality and I also just really
appreciate like a clean face and a clean
looking face I feel so much more
confident when I'm wearing less makeup
like it's crazy and I was not always
like that I would say back when I worked
in a corporate job and he months ago I
literally felt like I couldn't go into
the office without like a full mascara
and that's so changed I don't know it's
just so change I mean most days I don't
wear makeup now I'm gonna take a sort of
like caramel color and I'm gonna put it
in my crease just to get some depth and
on the other side and then I'm gonna
just take that lighter color again and
kind of go over everything to blend it
in alright that's pretty much all I do
with eyeshadow two colors next up I'm
going to take my eyelash curler I'm
gonna do my eyelashes next and just curl
them I like to like squeeze and hold at
the top just a nice curl and then I
can't wait to show you guys my favorites
favorite mascara of all time I have been
using this mascara literally since I can
remember sometimes it'll be like I'll
try a new brand of mascara and then I do
I'm always disappointed because it's so
good so it is watch I'm gonna conclude
it is it's Lancome's grandiose and I use
their sillens cios booster so they come
you can buy them they don't come
together unless you buy them together
but um I'm seperately and it's a primer
and then the actual mascara and this
gives you like a doll lashes like fanned
out look and the primer helps extend
them like my mom didn't believe me one
time she asked me oh look at that April
got hot all over her I would you love
April I don't even know where that came
from
did you guys see that yeah one time I
was like
how do you get your lashes so long and I
was like I don't have long lashes and
they're also blonde so you can't really
see them I told her it was this primer
then used with this on top and she
bought it and she was like oh my god
this is the best do you like little
wiggle at the bottom just anyone else do
a little wiggle and I like to coat both
sides in my eyelash yeah so that's what
one eye looks like versus the other on
so I should put a skin on a question and
my foot is falling asleep because I'm 27
years old not 15 and I can't sit on
floor anymore
so does colonics fit the body positivity
would have been I've never talked about
this on this channel but sometimes
people say to me well you're small why
would you be a part of the body
positivity movement because one of the
you know histories of the body
positivity movement or I should say one
of the largest populations that sort of
cleaned it is the plus-sized community
it's given women a community to take the
power back
smolitics is about feeling good in your
body no matter what your size is or your
height and there are lots of petite
women who are overweight there are lots
of petite women who are not small or
skinny there's a lots of petite women
who are looking to lose weight and you
know they're they're not just small they
don't they don't that doesn't resonate
with that and so I think that small
etics absolutely can overlap with it it
the emphasis is really on feeling good
in your body no matter your height or
your size and you can be petite and be
any size you can be any shape it doesn't
matter what you can be short and be any
size it's a fact as a woman so it's
really not just for a certain type of
short woman it's for any short woman I
like to think of it just as you know the
fact that we are here taking up some
space and sharing our life experiences
that doesn't take away from other
communities who are also sharing their
life experience and their perspective if
we do have a voice and a place and it's
definitely a light-hearted tone it's fun
it's about
the best you can being the healthiest
you can and it's not like we're talking
about anything that's crossing much more
important or serious boundary moving
into you know race or like serious
minority in that same V and I do think
that it's not X can have a place in the
body positivity movement it's really
really about short women accepting and
loving their bodies and that has never
been put on a magazine once so I think
it's important that people I mean it's
something that you get like you and I
get it but tall people don't really and
I've spoken to a lot of journalists and
people in the media and if they're not
sure it doesn't really resonate with
them which I wouldn't expect it to but I
just think it's interesting how short
women get it immediately and taller
people are like why would why would that
be an issue and it's likely you and I
get that it is hard that we are picked
on our whole life that it does shape us
that we do walk into a room and we're
physically smaller than people and were
often overlooked and we don't you know
magazines have told us that we're not
the standard you know beautiful tall
supermodel type like there's so many
ways that it even almost subconsciously
plays into our life that I can't I'd I
would never say whit we can ignore it I
don't know in thought but I think you
guys see my drift this is very hard for
me to do it by the way so give this a
like if you think I'm doing a good job
multitasking next I'm gonna use tattoo
liner from who's this by a Kat Von D
that was I sentence Kat Von D I think
it's my hair doesn't say that but I'm
pretty sure yes Kat Von D I love this
eyeliner it's so easy to put on watch me
as I don't put it on great but it is
really actually out of all the eyeliners
I've ever had this is the only one I can
actually draw like a somewhat straight
line with so I like to do like a little
cat eye
I usually just pull my eye back I have
like I have a crease that kind of fold
and if I don't pull up the line will
just go down does that make me sound
like really old I don't know so I want
to hear from you guys does the body
positivity movement resonate with you do
you think that's not it
small etics belongs in the body
positivity movement or is it kind of its
own thing do you think that people can
be body positive and also want to change
the body I would love to hear in the
comment section what you actually
believe on this topic ok so now that
we've done that I think we should do
eyebrows full on both of my feet oh my
god both of my feet I can't even speak
right now both of my feet are fully
asleep like fully like numb cannot feel
them I'm gonna do my eyebrows so this is
G Vaughn Shay I think I'm saying right I
don't know I kind of do an outline of my
I try to like get it in line with my
nose my eyebrows don't go in not far but
I try to like draw them out a little bit
further and then I try to draw like a
nice sheep with their natural shape and
then I fill it in and then once I get a
good shape down I take the spoolie side
and I lightly brush through to get rid
of any obvious drawing straight lines
you know okay so we're almost done whew
we're almost done of what I do next is I
usually put a pressed powder on my face
so I take a loose brush I don't think
this is the right brush but it works
well and I start with under my eye so I
didn't put on any mascara underneath my
like on my lower lashes but I normally I
would I was going out I wanted to get
more of a elevated look finish off with
Anasazi is below kit one of my clients
told me about this she would like show
up back when I used to train people
I don't do that anymore in person but
back when I did I had a client who who
always used to come in looking like the
most beautiful summer fairy and I was
like how do you do this how do you look
like this while you work out and she was
like it was Anasazi pulpit and I bought
it and here we are today something I
forgot to do I usually do this I have
kind of a big forehead I don't know I
don't really care like I don't think I
do but I just I put in if I want to do
contouring I'll do like why not just do
it I'll do like under my teeth my
cheekbones on my forehead and then I'll
just kind of blend it in with my Beauty
Blender right into the hairline and it
kind of makes your forehead look smaller
I guess and slash bronze and then i kind
of blend in this to create more of a
defined cheekbone look and I think we're
done you guys I really hope you enjoyed
this conversation about body positivity
about how I think our community fits in
it
and I would really really really love to
hear your thoughts on it if that
movement it resonates with you what do
you think about small it expanding into
it and what way if at all let me know in
the comments I almost forgot actually
usually when I'm done I put on the
glossy a bomb calm just a little bit
this is just this sheer lip gloss and
then on top of that I put my favorite
ever lipstick which is Mac cream sheer
modesty I love this lip color it is
super natural beautiful and it's kind of
just like slightly darker than my
natural color who are this all-time this
is it this is what my kind of everyday
look is like I hope you guys enjoyed
this and if you did sorry
please like and subscribe if you want
more content tailored to petite women
and let me know what you think about the
body positivity discussion and movement
in the comments below and I hope you
have amazing great week and I'll see you
next week bye
[Music]